this easy to make sauce will have a
fancy finishing touch to appetizers such
as salmon tartar crab cakes or tomato
salad among others the vinegar is
reduced to a glaze and will stay fresh
in the refrigerator indefinitely not all
the balsamic vinegars were created equal
you will find the fake ones which
represent about 9 over 90% of the
worldwide production and there is the
real one the real one comes from Modena
in Italy when it is time to make the
balsamic vinegar reduction do not use
the expensive one the real one as it
would be ashamed to boil it use an
inexpensive vinegar without too many
additives and caramel in there so read
carefully the ingredient list and use it
this real balsamic vinegar is 10 years
old this one is 25 years old and this
one only the name of the bottle says
it's a bad leak vinegar but we all know
that it's not I'm going to show you the
differences between the two of them and
you will understand why people or chefs
bald inexpensive vinegar to make it
looks like the real one so you see the
consistency it's pretty liquidy and here
if I'm using the real one it's already
thick and you will see look how fake it
is
so you see the inexpensive vinegars
running everywhere and the real balsamic
vinegar that has that boil that is just
pure almost doesn't run so you
understand now while we are boiling the
vinegar pour the vinegar in a sauce pan
on high heat bring the vinegar to a boil
the vinegar is boiling reduce the heat
to a medium high and let it simmer for
about 10 minutes or until it reduced to
1/4 cap almost there
keep an eye on your reduction because
when the vinegar starts to get thicker
it could build very easily so here the
video guys have reduced to about a
quarter cup mercy so I'm going to let it
call for about five minutes and then we
will transfer it into a squeeze bottle
leave the saucepan decline while the
vinegar is cooling down it will be
easier to transfer to the squeeze bottle
the reduction has cooled down a still
hot though
transfer to a squeeze bottle when it
will be totally cold I will show you the
consistency and how to use it the best
ending vinegar reduction has totally
cooled down and the new acquire the
consistency like a caramel will allow
you to make great design to decorate
your plate let me show you so you could
see that when it comes it's pretty thick
you can make very thin lines or you can
do circle if you want
like a snail
and it doesn't run
you